What does a guy who's in welcome x and now we have you're totally done with the basics of the CEO.
OK.
And also the on base seal with that is funding the website.
So now in this video I'm going to be showing you about the business here and that is like submitting
your website to the Google.
This is very important.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all what you have to do is that you have to go to the dashboard and then you have to go to
master tools.
OK you have to come here and you have to hit google search console.
It'll take you to a new page where it will verify your website.
OK.
So here you can see it says verify your ownership.
I'm going to be coming here and I'm going to be clicking alternatve mattered.
OK.
And I have to just select each team l tag.
I have to just copy everything from here.
And then I have to come here and I have to paste it here and then I have to copy the content from here.
That's all I have to come here to general settings and then I have to pay said that I have to save the
changes and then I have to just click to verify that's all I have to do and everything is done.
It will just tell me that this is right here and it is very.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to click view your list of verified properties.
OK.
And then here is going to be like create a blue dot site which is right here and it is coming here perfectly.
So this is coming here totally.
OK.
Now what I have to do I have to just come here to where Master central and then I have to go to webmaster's
Google dot com slash masters.
OK.
So this is right here.
I'm going to be clicking the search console.
OK.
I'm going to be clicking here and it's going to redirect me to a new thing here.
And here is everything.
Now here I have to click add a property OK.
And then I have to copy the link off my website and I have to paste it that's all.
And then I have to hit add so on just clicking add.
My website is going to be added here.
And I can see that this my web site is added here if I just click Search console again and then you
can see that this is created a little bit outside.
And this is right here.
OK.
So now I have to just click here and I have to come here to Google index crawl OK I have to come here
to crawl.
And then I have to hit site maps.
OK.
So on just clicking site maps you can see that in the site map I can submit my website for the Google.
So I have to come here to Axim all site maps and then I have to just click ex-MIL site map so I'll just
open this up and you can see a site map that will be created.
And again see this is right here.
I just have to copy all this and then I have to submit it if the map is not working or if it gives an
error then what you have to do you have to disable it.
You have to save it and then you have to enable it again and then it will work properly.
So you have to come here you have to just copy the sitemap stash in Nexstar h DML and you have to come
here and you have to add a site map so you have to just paste the link.
OK.
You can test it if you want to.
OK so this is testing and it's will just tell you if the site map is OK.
So no errors.
OK.
I'm going to be coming here and I'm going to be clicking close to us and then I'm going to be adding
it again and then I'm going to be clicking submit.
That's all I have to do.
I have to just hit refresh the page and then I can see that my site map is submitted and submitted pending
and it is indexed as it's open.
So I will go now in next my website because I have submitted everything.
So this is how you have to submit your website to the Google.
OK.
Now when you come in you'll come here to search console you will see creative W.P. that site here.
OK you have to just click Save profile and that's all you have to do.
OK.
Now our Web site is totally totally done with.
Are you OK with the Google.
OK so now what we have to do we have to just submit our Web site to the Bing.
OK so Bengie is also exactly the same.
This is totally same you just have to come here and then you have to sign in.
So it can be the you are well off it's you should be having a hotmail account for this or an outlook.
OK you have to just click the enter site you are real come here.
Copy this and then come here and then you have to paste it.
Let's come here and let's add now you have to add a site map.
So I'm going to be coming here.
I'm going to be going to Axim old site maps and they're going to be copying the you are all of this
so going to be opening this up.
I'm going to be copying all this Capilano Canaris I'm going to be coming here and I'm going to be pasting
right here.
So this is my site map and then I have to just said add.
So this is all what you have to do.
And then it's going to give you a code as well.
OK you have to just add that code so I'm going to be coming here going to be copying this code.
OK let's copy let's come here to the channel settings and paste it right here.
OK.
You have to save the changes and then you have to come here to do this and then you have to get verified.
That's all you have to do and your site is going to be verified.
You can see that here site is now submitted with the SML as well.
So everything is totally done and our website is totally submitted.
So you can see that we have submitted this Yandex is not very important but if you want to add it you
can also added the procedure is going to be the same.
So I can see that we are totally done with the ASIO's settings we are now totally done in the next video
will be working up the X factor and that is the speed optimization which is very important for every
say that we have.
So in the next video you'll be working up the speed optimization.
So Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.